c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\APISecurityLearn.Broker.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\APISecurityLearn.Broker.pdb
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\obj\Debug\APISecurityLearn.Broker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\obj\Debug\APISecurityLearn.Broker.dll
c:\users\amgad\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\APISecurityLearn\APISecurityLearn.Broker\obj\Debug\APISecurityLearn.Broker.pdb
